.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!-- Hey there. Thank you so much for improving NewPipe, and filling out the details. Having roughly the same layout helps everyone considerably :)-->

#### What is it?
- [ ] Bugfix (user facing)
- [ ] Feature (user facing)
- [ ] Codebase improvement (dev facing)
- [ ] Meta improvement to the project (dev facing)

#### Description of the changes in your PR
<!-- While bullet points are the norm in this section, feel free to write free-form text instead of a list -->
- record videos
- create clones
- take over the world

#### Before/After Screenshots/Screen Record
<!-- If your PR changes the app's UI in any way, please include screenshots or a video showing exactly what changed, so that developers and users can pinpoint it easily. Delete this if it doesn't apply to your PR.-->
- Before:
- After:

#### Fixes the following issue(s)
<!-- Prefix issues with "Fixes" so that GitHub closes them when the PR is merged (note that each "Fixes #" should be in its own item). Also add any other relevant links. -->
- Fixes #

#### Relies on the following changes
<!-- Delete this if it doesn't apply to your PR. -->
- 

#### APK testing
<!-- Use a new, meaningfully named branch. The name is used as a suffix for the app ID to allow installing and testing multiple versions of NewPipe, e.g. "commentfix", if your PR implements a bugfix for comments. (No names like "patch-0" and "feature-1".)  -->
<!-- Remove the following line if you directly link the APK created by the CI pipeline. Directly linking is preferred if you need to let users test.-->
The APK can be found by going to the "Checks" tab below the title. On the left pane, click on "CI", scroll down to "artifacts" and click "app" to download the zip file which contains the debug APK of this PR. You can find more info and a video demonstration [on this wiki page](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/wiki/Download-APK-for-PR).

#### Due diligence
- [ ] I read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/javulticat/NewPipe/blob/sponsorblock/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

github: Update pull request and contributing

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!-- Hey there. Thank you so much for improving OuterTune, and filling out the details. Having roughly the same layout helps everyone considerably :)-->

#### What is it?
- [ ] New feature (user facing)
- [ ] Update to existing feature (user facing)
- [ ] Bugfix (user facing)
- [ ] Translations
- [ ] Codebase improvements or refactors (dev facing)
- [ ] Other
<!-- If you selected Translations, please this pull request only contains tranlations changes, and NO code changes (unless it is absolutely nessesary, please provide a description of why). Please ensure your are able to build and run the app. You can simply delete the next 4 sections as they do not apply. -->

#### Description of the changes in your PR
<!-- While bullet points are the norm in this section, feel free to write free-form text instead of a list -->
- record videos
- create clones
- take over the world

#### Before/After Screenshots/Screen Record
<!-- If your PR changes the app's UI in any way, please include screenshots or a video showing exactly what changed, so that developers and users can pinpoint it easily. Delete this if it doesn't apply to your PR.-->
- Before:
- After:

#### Fixes the following issue(s)
<!-- Prefix issues with "Fixes" so that GitHub closes them when the PR is merged (ex: "Fixes #69". Note that each "Fixes #" should be in its own item). Also add any other relevant links. -->
- Fixes #

#### Relies on the following changes
<!-- Tag any pull requests that are required before this can be merged.
Delete this if it doesn't apply to your PR. -->
-


#### Due diligence
<!-- Please mark WIP pull requests and "Draft" and only "Ready for review" once it is ready to be merged  -->
- [ ] I read the [contribution guidelines](../CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] I understand that in the event of merge conflicts, **I may be asked to rebase my branch** on top of the dev branch, instead of resolving them by merging dev into my own branch


<!-- This pull request template is based on Newpipe's:  https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/ -->
